I'm Lindsay I met we own Yardbird we've
been in this business for a long time I
mean I think every chef and you know for
a nihilist person eventually wants to
open their own business doesn't want to
work for the man anymore
we've been working on the business plan
forever
and Hong Kong just sort of presented
itself and we couldn't really say no to
the opportunity space came up the right
people were here I already been here for
a few years working the business here
and I understood the market it's kind of
times just take a chance and it worked
when we built the restaurant one of the
main things that we wanted to do is to
include all the things we love in our
life inside of that box you know we
spend the majority of our days here the
majority of our nights here to like
separate it you know separate our lives
from it completely it be weird graphics
and you know the whole design aspect of
everything is I think it goes hand in
hand as well with with a restaurant I
mean the way this restaurant is designed
is to be really minimal kind of like a
retail shop where it's and then you're
just meant to focus on what's in front
of you
and not really on the necessarily the
design of the restaurant we never
planned on just being a restaurant you
know we've always had bigger ideas we're
really social people you know they're
really just focused on our friends and
and enjoying our lives rather than just
money
we never approached it in a very
institutionalized way you know he didn't
go to culinary school I never went to
hotel management school we kind of just
figured it out along the way
and took what we wanted from every job
we had
made it our own I went to art school I
moved from one part of Canada to another
to go to art school and ended up working
at the same skate store skating snow
star as Matt we kind of people that a
skate shop attracts to work there to
hang out there it's kind of similar to
like the F&B business in a skate shop
again I started working there for free
you know like start lacing shoes or
whatever and it's the same thing in the
kitchen like you generally will start
working somewhere for free if it's
somewhere you want to be and it's the
same thing and so you grow into this you
really learn every part of the business
because you start at the bottom there's
always an element of fun party and
community you know we're not lazy people
we're not interested in cutting corners
or doing things because it's cheaper or
finding an easier way you know I think
we both appreciate that you know our
staff has become our family they feel it
and then they translate that love we
have for them to our guests you know a
restaurant is just a collection of
details it's just like everything has to
be paid attention to there's nothing
really that's unimportant so it's the
details that make everything make the
whole experience kind of complete any
success that a business person can have
is how you treat others regardless of it
that's your staff your your customer
your suppliers anyone nobody wants to to
support somebody who's disrespectful
we're not compromising we don't do
anything we don't want to do I think
that that's a something me and Lindsay
always done through our whole lives
because we just we found what we want to
do we focused on it we we just didn't
care what anyone thought or and we just
did it you know people would love it if
we took reservations people would would
probably love it if I put sushi on the
menu but in
it's just not what we're interested in
doing it doesn't necessarily make the
place better or worse but this is what
we do and this is what we want to do and
and this is what we know to do best
my recommendations if someone wants to
get into the FMV industry is you just
need to work I don't recommend going to
school I don't recommend you know paying
someone to teach you about the FMB
industry definitely Industries is all
about experience it's all about dealing
with people and problem-solving there's
the only way you really understand the
business if you start from the bottom
and both of us who have done every
single job in a restaurant you can be
sensitive and you can you know you can
really like you have a lot more
understanding of what everybody's doing
you know the quality is more important
the people that I've seen succeed
extremely well in this business are the
ones who worked at their own restaurant
for years kept control they kept their
control until they had a team that was
so solid they could walk away from it to
focus on another project a lot of people
just start with this idea like I'm gonna
open six restaurants you know and they
don't even know how to open one it's
this about love this is about a like
this is really about just like loving
what you do and working your ass off I
mean like you're not gonna see your
friends you know like people don't
understand that you don't you don't you
don't run the same schedule as everybody
you don't see your friends you don't see
your family this is you have to love it
or else it's just it's gonna ruin your
life pretty much I just you know started
as a busser work my way up and
took everything I possibly could this
was a sponge for like almost four years
there is nothing not worth learning you
know it doesn't matter what it is it's
so much about seeing the mistakes that
other people make and learning not to do
those I think it's just the experience
that is our mentor whatever experiences
we've had those are our mentors you know
those are like even from the customers
you know well she had to deal much more
than I have but you know when you have
difficult people to deal with and how to
approach them
you